>> Richard Feldman: So we have two
TODOs in two different places, but
they're will essentially wanting
to accomplish the same thing.
Which is to say, we wanna move
this viewPagination function,
extract it out of profile and out of home,
and move it into PaginatedList.
So let's start by putting it here,
and PagenatedList.viewPagination
is a little bit redundant.
So let's just go ahead and
rename that to view, and
I'm definitely gonna need to expose
this so that those files can call it.
What I'm gonna do at this point is
since I just wanna make sure that
this thing works properly
inside of this module.
I'm actually just gonna compile
that thing alone by itself,
I actually it shouldn't bother
compiling main.elm because I just wanna
see if my paginatedList
works probably fast.
It actually doesn't, okay,
let see what else we got.
There is couple of problems here one is,
it's acting like it needs its own
message type, but it doesn't have one.
Second is that doesn't actually
know what an articles is.
Okay fair enough, so
both of these are potentially
solvable by using type variables.
So if we look at our
paginatedList here and
if we look at how it's
actually being used.
If I jump through these functions
it's okay, I'm calling page on list,
I'm calling total on list,
am I doing anything else to the list?
Looks like not, what do page and total do?
Well, if I look at those functions,
one takes a paginatedList of any
type variable and returns an int.
And total also takes a paginatedList of
any type variable and returns an int.
So what that means is that I don't
actually need this to take an article
preview.
I can just make it completely unbound.
I can say yeah, I'll view this thing and
it's just gonna work out fine,
as far as I can tell.
Let's see if that's true,
okay, so far so good.
It just says I can't
find the message type.
So, it didn't actually complain
about that being a problem.
So in other words, the two operations
that I'm actually doing on this list,
I'm getting the total count which is
to say the total number of pages in
the paginatedList, and
I'm getting the current page in the list.
Neither of those has anything to do
with what happens to be inside the list.
So it's totally fine for purposes of
viewing the actual pagination for
us to give it an unbound type variable,
and say yeah,
if you wanna view this thing,
I don’t actually care what’s inside of it.
That’s somebody else's job to deal with,
I’m just here to render the pagination
itself, which only cares about numbers,
not about the content itself.
Okay, cool, so,
that takes care of that one error.
We saw the other one where it says
I cannot find a message type.
I don’t know what that is,
which is fair because the paginatedList
itself does not have a message type.
And what do I really want to
introduce one unless again,
I've gone through the motions said, yeah,
I concluded base on how this things
being used that it really does have so
many different message types that
I wanna give it on message type.
We're not there yet,
let's see if we can do it with that first.
Okay, so
how's this message actually being used?
Well, we have something
called ClicksFeedPage.
That's clearly a message constructor,
a message variance rather.
Is there anything else?
I don't really see anything, it looks like
that's the only one that we actually need.
So we only have this one
on click handler and
that's the only place where this comes up.
So I see that ClickedFeed Page
is currently taking targetPage,
targetPage is an integer.
So what I can do is I can just say,
okay, pageLink is going to take
an int to message function.
So I'm gonna name toMsg and
then I'm just gonna call toMsg instead of
that actual message constructor
there of ClickedFeedPage.
>> Richard Feldman: Okay, well now
pageLink takes the next argument which
means I'm no longer able to call it
using exactly what I was doing before.
So I need to add an extra toMsg in here,
I'm just gonna propagate that up and
say view needs also to
take that as an argument.
>> Richard Feldman: Now, based on that,
I extracted this thing from profile, so
wherever I was calling ViewPagination,
which appears to be only in one place.
I now know that that's going
to become PaginatedList.view,
and I know what the first
argument's gonna be.
It's ClickedFeedPage, because that's
exactly what was there before.
So now, I have made it so
that I have successfully deleted
this thing out of a profile.
I'm now delegating to this reusable
thing inside PaginatedList.view.
And I'm passing in exactly the same
argument that I had before.
So based on how I just
refactored that code,
everything still should work
the same way as before.
So let's find out that's true.
So I'm gonna build the PaginatedList, and
I have a syntax error
because I messed up on 107.
Right, definitely gonna need
an extra arrow there, okay.
But I still didn't adjust the type
annotation even though, [LAUGH] I made
it more flexible but then didn't annotate
as such, oops, that's better, okay.
So now the paginatedList compiles, and
I can check to see if profile compiles.
So I'm gonna do the same thing here.
I'm not gonna quite bother compiling the
other stuff yet because I just wanna kinda
working on those two files that I
made adjustments to, and sure enough,
they now both compile.
So we've confirmed that number one,
profile is the least,
from the compiler's perspective,
doing what it was doing before.
And the logic here is simple enough that
I'm pretty confident it is, in fact,
doing what it was doing before.
But I also now have this
nice reusable thing
which actually is no third-party
dependencies whatsoever.
It's all type valuables, it's got HTML,
an int, and PaginatedList, and that's it.
Everything else is completely flexible.
Cool, so let's see about doing that in
the other place, which was the Home page.
So inside Home, we have the same
TODO as what we had before, and
we have the same viewPagination
thing that we have right here.
So this time, I'm just gonna go ahead and
delete this sucker and do without.
So I look at viewPagination, again,
that's only called in one place.
I'm actually gonna undo that real quick,
just long enough to grab
this thing right here.
So that I don't have to remember it later.
And now, I remember from before,
that I'm gonna use that same message that
was in the implementation as the first
argument to the function now
known as PaginatedList.view.
Okay, now I'm gonna run the same thing,
but I'm gonna run it on the Home page.
That worked, and,
if that's true, theoretically that was
all that was affected by those changes.
So I should be able to compile main, and
then sure enough
the entire thing compiles.
And we have successfully
reused this thing that
really is the same on both of those pages.